README.md, before:

Schedlr is a mobile web app built with the Sencha Touch framework and bundled into a native application with PhoneGap. 

Specifically, it is for use at the Ars Electronica festival to organise your schedule.

Aim
----
To provide an easy way to organise activities from a pre-defined list on your iOS device.

Installation
------------
As the project nears completion I will package binary versions of Schedlr for easy download. Until then, you can download the files and find index.html in the www folder. Open this in a WebKit-based browser and you can test the app.

Created By
----------
Tim Stone (www.fetimo.com)

Contribute
----------
This work is ultimately for coursework submission to my university, therefore if you wish to contribute you'll have to fork this work.

Disclaimer
----------
I am in no way associated with Ars Electronica; this is a student project. 

Licensing
---------

This software is Copyright (C) 2011 Tim Stone under the MIT License.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Updated readme with source of content

README.md, after:

Schedlr is a mobile web app built with the Sencha Touch framework and bundled into a native application with PhoneGap. 

Specifically, it is for use at the Ars Electronica festival to organise your schedule.

Aim
----
To provide an easy way to organise activities from a pre-defined list on your iOS device.

Installation
------------
As the project nears completion I will package binary versions of Schedlr for easy download. Until then, you can download the files and find index.html in the www folder. Open this in a WebKit-based browser and you can test the app.

Created By
----------
Tim Stone (www.fetimo.com)

Contribute
----------
This work is ultimately for coursework submission to my university, therefore if you wish to contribute you'll have to fork this work.

Disclaimer
----------
I am in no way associated with Ars Electronica; this is a student project. The written content for the events comes from http://new.aec.at/repair/en/ .

Licensing
---------

This software is Copyright (C) 2011 Tim Stone under the MIT License.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
